The fish that leaps the highest, tastes the greatest
One hundred million butterflies cannot defeat my hunger
A printer is worth a thousand words
Cookie dough is not safe to eat
An ostrich egg weighs around 1.4 kg (3 lbs)
Hello lovely people. I wish you a good day
Don't go to an all-you-can-eat buffet for the carbs
A pear may be good right now
Did you remember me?
A thousand words a day keeps the ignorance at bay
To pick your nose is to dig into the deepest parts of yourself
Just as I thought! You are the real One
Unexpected
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't climb a tree
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't run
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't climb into my car
To the one person who reads this, you are wanted. Run
When will people learn that the earth does not revolve around them? If it did, I would be flung off
To hurt me, is to gain nothing. To hurt you, is to make me laugh
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute
If you need to go then go, if not then don't
Do not the cat
Bigger is not always better. Imagine the booger
Forsooth comes the mare. On top it, a crimson glare
Do not get lucky. Merely try your best
Hard drugs aren't enough. Start gambling
A juicy fruit may seem correct, but fret not, a lion is the test
Rhyming may seem easy. But no
The jungle cat is elusive, quick, and powerful. I am not. I am sad
Doing anything new is hard. Don't give up
Forget everything you know
I have never ever. Ever. Seen a class so bad
Falls of [sic] cliff
Jump into a vat of jelly please
Inspirational quotes are overrated
Red is to evil as apple is to doctor
Find a better teacher. I have taught you all that I know. (Doesn't actually know anything)
I happily declare you very happily married
For every compliment you get, give a complaint. Always stay net positive.
The truth may seem far away, but you can always walk towards it
Happiness is never impossible. One must only work towards it
Try not to disappoint me. I wish you the best
Win not the lottery but the hopefulness it brings
The art of war depends on the artists. Bring out the giant easle
This is not a family friendly website. I hate families!
Always stay on top so you can kick others down
I hate that online recipes always start with a 2 minute read on the history of making the dish that takes up more than half of the page
Cooking is too difficult. Eat dirt
The sky wishes it was me
Veganism deserves a place. Somewhere
这不是英语
Este pescado huele loco
3799
Euphoria is a lie made by Big Pharma
Quit playing around. Life is a precious experience
Isn't it funny when t
Hit that funny move for some special grooves
Populi Menai Reta
The east is always farther away
Pounce like a lima bean
It's not a mole, it's a pimple scar
For you, I give the world. For you, I give the stars
Mucho Macho Mango
Believe in me as I believe in you
Competitions are dumb. Just let me win
If I lose, it is because you are cheating